I remember life this is pastor charles
breathing you today hey you heard about
it from a great length of time and now
has finally started the pastors have
lost the house church ministry and his
off to a bang we're going to be bringing
to you a cup of the house church
overseers and they're going to tell you
how to house churches length if you have
not gone out and signed in to be a part
of a house church you got to get
involved this is a move of God and it's
very interesting is very exciting as
you're going to be able to tell from
some of those ones there's going to be
coming to address you you be blessed and
you get out there and you sign up after
the service is over as to what house
chores you like to attend hi I'm elder
Derek the overseer for house church
number two along with Ella Gillian and
we are excited about what god is doing
in this season yes business in the heart
of our pastors to establish these house
churches and I'm telling you God is
moving in these house churches we had
our first meeting on Tuesday and it was
really awesome we had a wonderful time
of fellowship we had food we had a time
of prayer we had a type of a worship we
are the word going forth even the
children participated it was really
really wonderful if you were not in a
house church this last Tuesday you miss
something so I want to encourage you to
get plugged in to get connected to sign
up today and be a part of what God is
in this season god bless you high river
oblige this is elder Julian and elder
randall walker from house church number
eight we're here to invite you to be a
part of a mighty move of God we had such
a wonderful fellowship at 1343 East
lasalle street where the host is sister
Helen o sory the anointing was there the
Spirit of the Lord was their food was
excellent we had a guest that came in
and we were so excited about just being
apart and being able to take place in
what God is doing and if you want
excitement if you want to renew yourself
in the spirit be a part of these house
churches I'm telling you to God is
moving everybody came in and we received
us suddenly it was suddenly we received
a song and suddenly we receive a word
and suddenly we receive praises and
worship and God is doing something here
and I want you to sign up to one of
these house churches and know that if
you sign up you are inner end to what
God is doing today amen good afternoon
River black church this is mr. Curry's
coming to you I oversee house church
number nine we thank God that we had a
wonderful time in our first fellowship
meeting at our house church the praise
when worship was wonderful it was led by
Ministry of onda and sister Donna Phelps
we thank God that we were able to
fellowship in the breaking of bread
together you do not want to miss this
move that has birthed by the Lord be
sure to sign up after service today be
blessed